#Question need to be answered

"""1) What are comments?
Comments are pieces of information put in the code that is not code but exists f or the programmer to know what the code is and does

2) Demonstrate at least 2 ways to create a comment. One should be for multiple lines.
# This is a comment or use """ between multiple lines """ to comment out paragraphs.

3) If the name of a file is app.py what do we type in the command line to tell our computer to run it?
python3 app.py

4) Demonstrate how I can tell a Python program to display something in the command line.
Use the print () function 

5) What can we use to save a value for later use in our code? Provide an example.
Use variables and example is x = 10

6) What can I do to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git?
Use .gitignore and place the directory that you dont’ want tracked in that file,
and place files that you don’t want tracked in that file 

7) What can be used in order to repeat some block of code? Provide 2 examples.
A function, dict() and format() are python functions 

8) When saving a value for later use what type of operator do we use?
 We use the equal operator 
9) What's the key difference between git revert and git reset?
The git revert keeps the history of the changes you made and git reset resets the head before you made changes.

10) What's the key difference between Python lists and tuples?
Python lists variables can change while in tuples they cannot

11) What can I do to know where I am within my file system?
Type pwd
12) Describe the anatomy of a Python dictionary and create one below.
thisdict = {
  "brand": "Ford",
  "model": "Mustang",
  "year": 1964
}
print(thisdict["brand"])

13) What type of values can be in a Python dictionary?
key value pairs

14) What type of values can be in a Python list?
Allows list that are made of variables, they are changeable, ordered and, allow duplicates. 

15) What data type are True and False?
Boolean 

16) What language does your computer understand?
Machine language made of 0s and 1s

17) What do we need in order for your computer to make use of programming languages?
What do we need in order for your computer to make use of programming languages?

18) At what index is your instructor's name located in this list? ["Ron", "Troy", "Martha"]
Troy is at index 1

19) What does frontend / client side mean?
The front end includes Java script,CSS,HTML, and is code that relates to styling and structure of frameworks.

20) What does backend / server side mean?
It include code in python, translator, and machine code.

21) What are 3 way to create a Python string?
Single quotes, double quotes, and triple quotes

22) What are 2 types of number data types in Python? Provide an example.
Integers 2  and floats 2.6

23) Are we able to add two strings together? How?
We can use the operations print ("Kenasia" +" "+ "Turner")

24) What commands would you use to create the following file structure? (write every command line by line):
    
    Desktop
    -> projects
        -> instagram
            -> images
                -> profile_image.jpg
            -> app.py
        -> tiktok
            -> clips
            -> app.py

             cd Desktop 
        mkdir projects 
        cd projects 
        mkdir Instagram tiktok 
        ls
        cd Instagram 
        mkdir Images 
        cd Images 
        touch profile_image.jpg 
        cd .. 
        touch app.py 
        cd .. 
        ls 
        cd tiktok 
        mkdir clips
        cd ..
        touch app.py 


25) What is the path to profile_image.jpg?
cd Desktop/projects/instagram/images
26) What commands can I use to get from the clips directory to the images directory? (write every command line by line):
cd ..
cd .. 
cd Instagram/images/

27) What method can I use to change this string from "troy" to "Troy"? 
a = "troy"
print(a.upper())

28) What method can I use to change this string from "TROY" to "troy"?
a = "TROY"
print(a.lower()

29) How can I check to see if all of the characters in a string are numbers/digits?
isdigit() to check if the characters are digits

30) How can I split a string into a list with each value in the list being a line of the string?
txt = "hello/n my name is Peter/n I am 26 years old"

x = txt.split("/n ")

print(x)

31) What are the Python comparison operators? List each and describe.
== equal
!= not equal
> greater than
< less than

32) What are the Python logical operators? List each and describe.
33) How can we decide to run one piece of code versus another? Provide an example.
34) What can I do to work on my primary code, but not mess it up? Provide an example.
35) What do I do in order to make sure I have the latest code on my machine?
36) How can I accept user input into my Python code?
37) How can I see all of my git commits?
38) How can I add a value to a Python list?
39) How can I remove a value from a Python list?
40) How can I access a value in a Python dictionary?
41) How can I remove a value from a Python dictionary?
42) How can I change a value in a Python dictionary?
43) What is a pull request? Describe it in detail.
44) Why do we use services like Github?
45) How can I create a git branch?
46) How can I switch to another branch?
47) What happens if multiple engineers try to change the same area of a codebase from different points in time?
48) What are the 3 stages of of tracking our work with git?
49) What are the commands we'd use, in order, to move our changes through these stages?
50) Is spacing in my Python code important? Why?


"""
print



